# Introduction

This repo contains the code for our series of [papers](http://papersdb.cs.ualberta.ca/~papersdb/view_publication.php?pub_id=1125) on bug report deduplication. DeDup is a project that applies machine learning concepts to improve bug report deduplication performance in bug repositories.

## Installation & Usage

Coming soon... 

## Project layout

The `contextual_word_lists` directory contains all of the contextual word lists
used by Alipour et. al. These lists were generated by hand, and are contained
in the current repository as a
reference. 

The `automated_word_list_generation` directory contains the code and data used
to generate the word lists which we used in our research, as well as the word
lists themselves.

The `features` directory contains the features used to train the machine
learning classifiers which perform the actual duplicate bug report
identification.

The `other_datasets` directory contains miscellanneous data used in the course
of our work. For instance, the directory contains the lists of which bug reports
are actually duplicates.

`src` contains the Java code needed to run Weka and to run the textual
similarity measures needed to generate some of our features, such as BM25.

The `word_lists` directory contains ten subdirectories containing the word lists
used in our project. The names are self explanatory. 

## Licensing/Copyright

Copyright (C) 2013 Anahita Alipour, Abram Hindle, Tanner Rutgers, Riley Dawson, Finbarr Timbers, Karan Aggarwal

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
